README.md, before:

# Data for a Literature Review on Sonification and Music

This repository contains data files for a systematic literature review on the intersections between interactive sonification and music. 

You can check the project details [here](https://yorkcla.github.io/projects/1_project/).

## Files
- `Primary Dataset`: Primary datasets from the selected 11 libraries.
- `Firstpool.xlsx`: Complete data pool from the initial data extraction.
- `Secondpool.xlsx`: Complete data pool from the second data extraction.
- `Finalpool.xlsx`: Complete data pool, serving as the final set for the review.
- `Analysis Result.xlsx`: Table of overall analysis results from the review.
- `Extraction Description.xlsx`: Table detailing the overall extraction with numerical data.

## Usage
Feel free to download and use these files to gather additional information for reading my review paper or for your further research.

## Contributions
To contribute, please fork this repository, make your changes, and submit a pull request. I will review and merge if appropriate. Alternatively, you can reach out to me via email at [minsik.choi@anu.edu.au](mailto:minsik.choi@anu.edu.au).

## License
This data is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (CC BY 4.0). You are free to share and adapt the material as long as appropriate credit is given. [Link to license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)

Commit message:

updated csv files and readme file

README.md, after:

# Data for a Literature Review on Sonification and Music

This repository contains data files for a systematic literature review on the intersections between interactive sonification and music. 

You can check the project details [here](https://yorkcla.github.io/projects/1_project/).

## Files
- `Primary Dataset`: Primary datasets from the selected 11 libraries.
- `Overall Files`: .xlsx files for the overall review process.
    - `Firstpool.xlsx`: Complete data pool from the initial data extraction.
    - `Secondpool.xlsx`: Complete data pool from the second data extraction.
    - `Finalpool.xlsx`: Complete data pool, serving as the final set for the review.
    - `Analysis Result.xlsx`: Table of overall analysis results from the review (with detailed sub-group breakdowns).
    - `Extraction Description.xlsx`: Table detailing the overall extraction with numerical data.
- `Analysis Result.csv and Finalpool.csv`: files viewable on GitHub for the final results

## Usage
Feel free to download and use these files to gather additional information for reading my review paper or for your further research.

## Contributions
To contribute, please fork this repository, make your changes, and submit a pull request. I will review and merge if appropriate. Alternatively, you can reach out to me via email at [minsik.choi@anu.edu.au](mailto:minsik.choi@anu.edu.au).

## License
This data is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (CC BY 4.0). You are free to share and adapt the material as long as appropriate credit is given. [Link to license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
